**_Application description:_**  
The Healthcare Management System, built with Spring Boot and REST services, 
provides a comprehensive solution for healthcare providers to manage patient records, 
schedule appointments, and prescribe medications. 
The application seamlessly integrates with third-party services like 
Mapbox to offer directions to healthcare facilities, 
enhancing the overall user experience.

**_How to Run the Application:_**
- Clone the repository (git clone https://github.com/Andriy2511/chat-gpt-task3.git)
- Ensure MySQL is running
- Create an application.properties file    
   Use the following details for the database:   
    spring.datasource.url=jdbc:h2:mem:healthcare   
    spring.datasource.driverClassName=org.h2.Driver   
    spring.datasource.username=sa   
    spring.datasource.password=   
    spring.h2.console.enabled=true   
    spring.h2.console.path=/h2-console   
    spring.jpa.hibernate.ddl-auto=update   
- Specify your own mapbox.api-key in the application.properties
- Build the project (mvn clean install)
- Run the application (mvn spring-boot:run)

**_Short feedback for the task:_**
- Was it easy to complete the task using AI?
  Yes, it was easy.
- How long did task take you to complete? (Please be honest, we need it to gather anonymized statistics)  
  5 hour.
- Was the code ready to run after generation? What did you have to change to make it usable?  
  The code, which was generated by AI, was ready, but I set my own properties for Mapbox
- Which challenges did you face during completion of the task?  
  I had challenges with finding dependencies for Mapbox because ChatGpt couldn't find the appropriate dependencies
- Which specific prompts you learned as a good practice to complete the task?  
  Writing concise prompts for every section of the application.
